OCPBUG 8125:Added Node Observability Agent (#69372)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/node-observability-scripting.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/node-observability-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="node-observability-scripting_{context}"]
= Configuring Node Observability Operator scripting

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Node Observability Operator.
* You have created the `NodeObservability` custom resource (CR).
* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. Create a file named `nodeobservabilityrun-script.yaml` that contains the following content:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-script
  namespace: node-observability-operator
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: cluster
    type: scripting
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> You can request only the following two scripts:

Author: Ack.

----

. Review the status of the `NodeObservabilityRun` scripting by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get nodeobservabilityrun nodeobservabilityrun-script -o yaml  | yq '.status.conditions'
----

+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Status:
  Agents:
    Ip:    10.128.2.252
    Name:  node-observability-agent-n2fpm
    Port:  8443
    Ip:    10.131.0.186
    Name:  node-observability-agent-wcc8p
    Port:  8443
  Conditions:
    Conditions:
      Last Transition Time:  2023-12-19T15:10:51Z
      Message:               Ready to start profiling
      Reason:                Ready
      Status:                True
      Type:                  Ready
      Last Transition Time:  2023-12-19T15:11:01Z
      Message:               Profiling query done
      Reason:                Finished
      Status:                True
      Type:                  Finished
  Finished Timestamp:        2023-12-19T15:11:01Z
  Start Timestamp:           2023-12-19T15:10:51Z
----

+
The scripting is complete once `Status` is `True` and `Type` is `Finished`.

. Retrieve the scripting data from the root path of the container by running the following bash script:
+

> [source,bash]

Author: It was my first time seeing such colorful output too...

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * scalability_and_performance/using-node-observability-operator.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * scalability_and_performance/node-observability-operator.adoc
```

Author: Ack.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="node-observability-scripting_{context}"]
= Configuring Node Observability Operator scripting

> [About Scripting]

Reviewer: I'm honestly not sure what this text is or is supposed to do, but just an FYI that if you are hoping it shows up in the rendered doc, I can't see it in the preview.

Author: No I added that as a draft, just for my knowledge, that will be deleted.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/using-node-observability-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="node-observability-scripting_{context}"]

> = Node Observability Operator Scripting

Reviewer 2: The main section and this procedure headings are same. 
This needs to begin with a gerund since this is a procedure.

Author: Understood.

[About Scripting]

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Node Observability Operator.
* You have created the `NodeObservability` custom resource (CR).
* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

> . Create a `NodeObservabilityRun` resource file named `nodeobservabilityrun-script.yaml` that contains the following text:

Author: Ack.

> . Create a `NodeObservabilityScripting` resource file named `nodeobservabilityrun-script.yaml` that contains the following text:

Reviewer 3: @subhtk - sorry only spotted this now. Could you please change `NodeObservabilityScripting` to `NodeObservabilityRun`

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-script
  namespace: node-observability-operator
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: cluster

>     type: "scripting"

Author: Let me get it confirmed.

>     type: "scripting"

Author: Confirmed from the SME. I will remove the quotes to keep the doc consistent.

----

> . Build a container using the `Docker.dev` file.

Author: Ack.

> . Build a container using the `Docker.dev` file.

Author: It is confirmed by the SME, that this steps needs to be deleted. Hence, deleting the step.

> 

Author: Ack.

[IMPORTANT]
====
You can request only the following two scripts:
* metrics.sh

> * network-metrics.sh (uses monitor.sh)

Author: Will do.

> * network-metrics.sh (uses monitor.sh)

Author: Will do. Thank you.

> * network-metrics.sh (uses monitor.sh)

Author: Ack.

====

> . Use the following command to trigger the scripting by running the `NodeObservabilityRun` resource:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Trigger the scripting by creating the `NodeObservabilityRun` resource with the following command:
```

Author: Ack.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f nodeobservabilityrun-script.yaml
----

> . Review the status of the `NodeObservabilityRun` by running the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Review the status of the `NodeObservabilityRun` scripting by running the following command:
```

Author: Ack.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get nodeobservabilityrun nodeobservabilityrun-script -o yaml  | yq '.status.conditions'
----

+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Status:
  Agents:
    Ip:    10.128.2.252
    Name:  node-observability-agent-n2fpm
    Port:  8443
    Ip:    10.131.0.186
    Name:  node-observability-agent-wcc8p
    Port:  8443
  Conditions:
    Conditions:
      Last Transition Time:  2023-12-19T15:10:51Z
      Message:               Ready to start profiling
      Reason:                Ready
      Status:                True
      Type:                  Ready
      Last Transition Time:  2023-12-19T15:11:01Z
      Message:               Profiling query done
      Reason:                Finished
      Status:                True
      Type:                  Finished
  Finished Timestamp:        2023-12-19T15:11:01Z
  Start Timestamp:           2023-12-19T15:10:51Z
----

+

> The scripting is complete once the status is `True` and type is `Finished`.

Author: Ack.

> . Retrieve the scripting data from the container's `/` (root) path by running the following bash script:

Author: Ack

> . Retrieve the scripting data from the container's `/run/node-observability` path by running the following bash script:

Reviewer 3: Also could you change  `/run/node-observability` to  '/' (root) path

Author: Ack.

Author: Done

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/using-node-observability-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="node-observability-scripting_{context}"]
= Node Observability Operator Scripting

[About Scripting]

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Node Observability Operator.
* You have created the `NodeObservability` custom resource (CR).
* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. Create a `NodeObservabilityScripting` resource file named `nodeobservabilityrun.yaml` that contains the following text:
+

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer 3: the yaml should be 

```
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: NodeObservabilityRun
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityrun-script
  namespace: node-observability-operator
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: cluster
    type: "scripting"

```

Author: Ack.

----
apiVersion: nodeobservability.olm.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: NodeObservabilityScripting
metadata:
  name: nodeobservabilityscripting
spec:
  nodeObservabilityRef:
    name: cluster
----

> . Build a container using the `Docker.dev` file.

Reviewer 3: The whole section after [IMPORTANT] can be replaced as in 2,3,4 of the CRIO Profiling Procedure section

Author: Understood.
